docs/notes.md, before:

## Random Notes

- PROBLEM: default metadata for provide-only layers is never propagated, but double-propagating would mess up require+provide layers
- SOLUTION: propagate directly to build, but only when layer is provide-only?

env always loaded (clear-env = false)

- require gets: APP (ro), MD (rw) (wd: APP)
- provide.test gets: APP (rw), MD (rw) (wd: APP) | Link: MD_AS (ro), PATH_AS (ro) | Cache: PATH_AS (rw)
- provide gets: APP (rw), LAYER (rw), MD (rw) (wd: APP) | Link: MD_AS (ro), PATH_AS (ro) | Cache: PATH_AS (rw)
- cache.setup gets: APP (ro), CACHE (rw) (wd: APP)

- provide-only: provide in build plan
- require-only: require in build plan
- require + provide: both require and provide in build plan
- build-only: both require and provide in build plan
- (no other combinations presented)

build is the same as provide but implies require

each step may override version & metadata

layers automatically required/provided, when they have relevant section

layers can have directly specified metadata on them in TOML, but code blocks override

later metadata wins when there are duplicate requires (no merge except expose/export)

a layer with no provide or provide.test has code 100 does not create an actual layer, but may require it.
export/expose flags on these layers override previous actual layer definitions

a layer with no require or require has code 100 does not require a layer, but may provide it

a layer with a missing version is always considered a mismatch

$MD accessible during require/provide.test/provide

eventually use two layers for cache/store+export?

get-dep version defaults to layer version

any layer with a provide can be referenced with "link"

cache layers can be referenced with a "link"

provide.test can be used to create custom inter-dependent layer rebuilding

provide.test is never skipped

write-app layers are always re-built and run serially

cache layers may be recovered from many builds ago, but all other layers must have been present during the last build

PROBLEM: some layers need other layers during provide.test, but it forces unnecessary rebuilds in export chains
SOLUTION: flag to add layer path to provide.test

PROBLEM: easier to send BOM metadata to linked layers, but not always available when layer is not regenerated (for both missing and cached layers)
SOLUTION: replace metadata with saved metadata

metadata changes during provide are accessible in provide of layers that link to it

- export + store = always comes back, rebuilds w/o cache on version mismatch, link does not change behavior
- export = never comes back, is not created if version matches, link can force creation
- expose + store =  always comes back, rebuilds w/o cache on version mismatch, link does not change behavior
- expose = never comes back, always rebuilt, link does not change behavior
- export + expose + store = always comes back, rebuilds w/o cache on version mismatch, link does not change behavior
- export + expose = never comes back, always rebuilt, link does not change behavior

- the version from provide.test is always matched against the version from provide.test

PROBLEM: no cache coherency guarantee for non-exported layers, so link-content is a lie
IDEA: use UUID stored in layer metadata to rep unique build ID
NOTES:
- Use IDs for content-linked layers (think about guarantees)
  - Option #1: assume cache layers move together
    - Only care about exported layers that are linked to stored, non-exported layers
  - Option #2: assume cache layers may be independently out-of-sync
    - Care about any layers that are linked to stored, non-exported layers
- Use IDs for version-linked layers? (mismatch when old version layer comes back and matches)
SOLUTION: all build layers must move together, so use UUID in store.toml + build layer metadata

Rebuilds on: provide exec change, deps field changes, profile changes, env build/launch changes, link as- changes

TODO:
- tests
- serial mode
- code change currently implies version change, determine if that makes sense

Commit message:

Remove logic to always rebuild version-less layers
Signed-off-by: Stephen Levine <stephen.levine@gmail.com>

docs/notes.md, after:

## Random Notes

- PROBLEM: default metadata for provide-only layers is never propagated, but double-propagating would mess up require+provide layers
- SOLUTION: propagate directly to build, but only when layer is provide-only?

env always loaded (clear-env = false)

- require gets: APP (ro), MD (rw) (wd: APP)
- provide.test gets: APP (rw), MD (rw) (wd: APP) | Link: MD_AS (ro), PATH_AS (ro) | Cache: PATH_AS (rw)
- provide gets: APP (rw), LAYER (rw), MD (rw) (wd: APP) | Link: MD_AS (ro), PATH_AS (ro) | Cache: PATH_AS (rw)
- cache.setup gets: APP (ro), CACHE (rw) (wd: APP)

- provide-only: provide in build plan
- require-only: require in build plan
- require + provide: both require and provide in build plan
- build-only: both require and provide in build plan
- (no other combinations presented)

build is the same as provide but implies require

each step may override version & metadata

layers automatically required/provided, when they have relevant section

layers can have directly specified metadata on them in TOML, but code blocks override

later metadata wins when there are duplicate requires (no merge except expose/export)

a layer with no provide or provide.test has code 100 does not create an actual layer, but may require it.
export/expose flags on these layers override previous actual layer definitions

a layer with no require or require has code 100 does not require a layer, but may provide it

a layer with a missing version is not rebuilt (unless the code changes)

$MD accessible during require/provide.test/provide

eventually use two layers for cache/store+export?

get-dep version defaults to layer version

any layer with a provide can be referenced with "link"

cache layers can be referenced with a "link"

provide.test can be used to create custom inter-dependent layer rebuilding

provide.test is never skipped

write-app layers are always re-built and run serially

cache layers may be recovered from many builds ago, but all other layers must have been present during the last build

PROBLEM: some layers need other layers during provide.test, but it forces unnecessary rebuilds in export chains
SOLUTION: flag to add layer path to provide.test

PROBLEM: easier to send BOM metadata to linked layers, but not always available when layer is not regenerated (for both missing and cached layers)
SOLUTION: replace metadata with saved metadata

metadata changes during provide are accessible in provide of layers that link to it

- export + store = always comes back, rebuilds w/o cache on version mismatch, link does not change behavior
- export = never comes back, is not created if version matches, link can force creation
- expose + store =  always comes back, rebuilds w/o cache on version mismatch, link does not change behavior
- expose = never comes back, always rebuilt, link does not change behavior
- export + expose + store = always comes back, rebuilds w/o cache on version mismatch, link does not change behavior
- export + expose = never comes back, always rebuilt, link does not change behavior

- the version from provide.test is always matched against the version from provide.test

PROBLEM: no cache coherency guarantee for non-exported layers, so link-content is a lie
IDEA: use UUID stored in layer metadata to rep unique build ID
NOTES:
- Use IDs for content-linked layers (think about guarantees)
  - Option #1: assume cache layers move together
    - Only care about exported layers that are linked to stored, non-exported layers
  - Option #2: assume cache layers may be independently out-of-sync
    - Care about any layers that are linked to stored, non-exported layers
- Use IDs for version-linked layers? (mismatch when old version layer comes back and matches)
SOLUTION: all build layers must move together, so use UUID in store.toml + build layer metadata

Rebuilds on: provide exec change, deps field changes, profile changes, env build/launch changes, link as- changes

TODO:
- tests
- serial mode
- code change currently implies version change, determine if that makes sense
